Test 1 Create User
1) Go to 127.0.0.1:8080/create_user
2) Route to create_user should not exist.
3) cd into clients folder and run the line: python3 activate_user.py
http://127.0.0.1:8080/ sam boots facofc
4) Run the line: python3 revoke_user.py http://127.0.0.1:8080/ sam

PASSED

Test 2 Login to the system
1) After successfully creating a user, you should land on a page with a button that
says Login, click that button.
2) Login with each username created, ensuring both can successfully be logged in.
3) Try to login with invalid credentials (ie the wrong username or password). You
should be redirected to an error page telling you that your username and password
don’t match.

PASSED

Test 3 Add two facilities
1) After successfully logging in, you will be routed to the dashboard. Click the ‘Add
Facility’ button.
2) Enter a unique facility name, code and location.
3) Repeat step 2.

PASSED

Test 4 Add two assets
1) Navigate back to the dashboard page and click the ‘Add Asset’ button.
2) Enter a unique asset tag, description and date.
3) Repeat step 2.

PASSED

Test 5 Complete the asset transit process
1) Make sure you are logged in as a Logistics Officer.
2) From the dashboard, click the ‘Transfer Request’ button.
3) Choose an asset to transfer and a destination to transfer it to. (Do this twice, so
there are two transfer requests)
4) Log out of your Logistics Officer login and login as a Facilities Officer.
5) On the dashboard, click one of the asset transfer requests that is pending.
6) Approve the request.
7) Back on the dashboard, click on the other pending request.
8) Reject the request.
9) Log out of your Facilities Officer login and login as a Logistics Officer.
10) On the dashboard, click on the asset that needs load and unload times set.
11) Set the load and unload times for the asset.

PASSED

Test 6 Dispose of an asset
1) Make sure you are still logged in as a Logistics Officer.
2) From the dashboard, click the ‘Dispose Asset’ button.
3) From the current asset list, choose an asset and enter it in the asset tag textbox,
and a date.

PASSED

Test 7 Run each of the reports
1) From the dashboard page, click on ‘Asset Report’.
2) Choose an option from the drop down menu and date to view the report.
3) Navigate back to the dashboard and click on ‘Transfer Report’.
4) There should be a ‘Coming Soon :)’ message, as this report was never
Implemented.

PASSED
